Fix: Add missing prerequisite for Rewrite URI annotation (#7940)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/_src/kubernetes-ingress-controller/guides/requests/rewrite-annotation.md

The annotation can be used on `Ingress` and `HTTPRoute` resources, and configures a [request-transformer](/hub/kong-inc/request-transformer/) plugin within Kong when added to a route.

This definition creates a route that matches the path `/users/(\w+)` and rewrites it to `/requests/users_svc/$1` before sending the request upstream. 

## Prerequisite

> The `RewriteURIs` [feature gate](https://docs.konghq.com/kubernetes-ingress-controller/latest/reference/feature-gates/) must be enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `RewriteURIs` [feature gate](/kubernetes-ingress-controller/{{page.release}}/reference/feature-gates/) must be enabled.
```
